[SYCL] Add -fpreview-breaking-changes option (#11629)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/PreprocessorMacros.md

  support for `assert()` via `aspect::ext_oneapi_native_assert`.
  This macro is undefined by default.

- **SYCL2020_CONFORMANT_APIS (deprecated)**
  This macro is used to comply with the SYCL 2020 specification, as some of the current 
  implementations may be widespread and not conform to it.
  Defining this macro currently has no effect on the API.

>   This preprocessor has been deprecated in favour of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This preprocessor macro has been deprecated in favor of the
```

>   `-fpreview-breaking-changes` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `-fpreview-breaking-changes` compiler option.
```
